hey guys so I wanted to come and share
the friday-night hair with you that I
got from Friday night here calm
this is GL s60 it comes with the tape
and as for the parting space I want to
say like it's really realistic it's not
much but it's very realistic it's
probably about three inches actually so
it's very realistic it does have two
combs on the side and a comb in the back
and adjustable straps I absolutely love
this hair like it's not too long not too
short it's about 18 inches and the
pattern is kind of straight in the front
and then it has like the curls in the
back which is cute I don't mind it
you can't eat this way up to about 400
degrees and however even though I love
it like today this week is a shudder
like I've put up so much hair since I've
put it on so yeah that's the only
negative I'm absolutely in love with
their wigs this was only $50 on this
site um I don't mind paying that much
for away from them considering like it
is good quality yeah I just love this
week
so yeah if you guys have any questions
about this week let me know as of right
now I will be rocking this I did post
this on Instagram and I just loved it
like so glamorous without even having to
do anything
see you guys if you are filling this
hair let me know if not let me know just
getting done let me know but I
absolutely love this so um again this is
from Friday night hair calm this is GLS
60 it comes with tape it comes with two
combs on the side one in the back and
adjustable straps and it's just
perfection I'll leave a link to this wig
down below so you guys can see it and go
on the website look for it for yourself
but this is just how it looks on me I
really really love how realistic the
part looks I do have a wig cap one
underneath and I'm just surprised at how
good at quality this way is even though
it's shedding like crazy but whatever um
I expect that with any wig or any hair
to be honest kind of makes me feel like
it's mine but I just love the fullness
like it's not too thick up here like all
of the bodies down here so yeah this was
just a quick review guys talk to you
guys later